Add VS Code instructions (#207)
tensorflow/swift: Usage.md

   * Add `libtensorflow.so` and `libtensorflow_framework.so` to `Linked Frameworks and Libraries` and change `Runtime Search Paths`.
     See [this comment](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift/issues/10#issuecomment-385167803) for specific instructions with screenshots.
   * Go to `Linking > Other Linker Flags` and add `-lpython` to the list of flags.

> ## VS Code setup for Swift (only tested on Linux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Visual Studio Code setup for Swift (only tested on Linux)
```
